like 90s that's like a lot of weight for
a natty let's go let's go come on I'll
you push good let's go screech oh my god
alright I'm 2225 previous best I believe
is like eight reps for every rep I do I
think I did one 20s for like 15 or
something
every rep I do $5 will donate tonight
the Wounded Warrior Project gonna
fucking do this
huh Oh Morty it lets go twice come on
come on yeah come on Lauren let's go all
right let's go come on let's go aah
gangs gang breeze come on let's go come
on good fifty pounds let's go and yes
come on hold on
good good come on come on let's go good
good let's go good play a tag team
like an aerial view everything's an
aerial view you know
this
how much would a company pay to have
170,000 captive members watch something
think about it think about how much
Google ads cost come on bring it up baby
let's go
all right let's go Charlotte come on
he's getting three place like it ain't
nothing aah aah
ah slam it on purpose come on drop the
weight Oh drop there oh that's good go
big dog I didn't expect this workout to
be so full of games
yeah actually donating $100 to charity
you